Avoid evaluating CMake LINK_LANGUAGE generator expressions in CMake <3.18 (#667)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocPRIM: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the parallel `search` and `find_end` device functions similar to `std::search` and `std::find_end`, these functions search for the first and last occurrence of the sequence respectively.
* Added a parallel device-level function, `rocprim::search_n`, similar to the C++ Standard Library `std::search_n` algorithm.
* Added new constructors and a `base` function, and added `constexpr` specifier to all functions in `rocprim::reverse_iterator` to improve parity with the C++17 `std::reverse_iterator`.

> * If you are using CMake 3.18+, you can now build using CMake HIP language support. This allows CMake to treat HIP as any other language (like C or CXX), removing the need to set the CXX environment variable. Instead, CMake attempts to find your HIP-aware compiler on its own. To build in this way, please set the USE\_HIPCXX option to ON (-DUSE\_HIPCXX=ON) when invoking CMake.

Reviewer: This should be moved to the "Changed" section.

```suggestion
* You can use CMake HIP language support with CMake 3.18 and later. To use HIP language support, run `cmake` with `-DUSE_HIPCXX=ON` instead of setting the `CXX` variable to `HIP`.
```

Author: Thanks, I've moved the bullet point to the "Changed" section and made the suggested change, which one small caveat: the CXX variable was previously set to the path to a HIP-aware compiler rather than `HIP`.
